So, you're
Naruto's son.
Your name?
It's Boruto...
Uzumaki.
(Hinata)
What's going on,
Boruto?
Is that really...
Sasuke!
It is!
Is Naruto here?
I think he's still
at the Hokage's office.
[gasp]
I see. Sorry
to intrude.
(Thinking)
He's the one who
was Dad's rival...
...Sasuke Uchiha.
But never mind all
that now...
I've gotta go beat up that
stupid old man!
Boruto, please! Wait!
[grunt] Hey! What
the hell do you think
you're doing!?
Your mother told
you to wait, didn't
she?
Mind your own
business, would ya?!
You said "stupid old man." Let
me guess: you meant Naruto?
Yeah, you got
that right.
Please, Boruto...
[grunt]
[gasp]
♪♪
[sigh] I messed up again...
Lord Seventh, I'm coming in!
Hey, what happened?!
Oh, uh... Well guess I messed
up Himawari's birthday just now
Oh... You sent a Shadow
Clone to the house?
Yeah...
You're hopeless, you know that?
I told you that you should
just go on home today.
I know, but that
just isn't possible.
[groan]
We're still behind on
preparations for the
Chunin Exams...
Also... there's White
Zetsu and those ruins...
It's been ten years since the
Fourth Great Ninja War.
For them to show up now...
It's troubling.
Yeah.
Huh?
A gift from Kaguya's Palace.
[gasps]
Hey, Sasuke!
I see...
What is it?
What does it say?
Hm. I dunno!
[sigh]
I'm getting a bad feeling
about this.
I can't even read it
with my Rinnegan.
Let's get this over to the
Cipher Corps and see what
they say.
Sasuke, you said,
"Kaguya's Palace?"
Yeah, I finally
located it.
(Sasuke)
Kaguya Otsutsuki...
With her warped hunger for
power, she tried to enslave the
entire world...
During the Fourth Great Ninja
War, we were able to seal her
away...
after so many sacrificed
their lives...
Six Paths Planetary Devastation!
However... she wasn't acting
merely out of a longing for
power.
As to what the true reason for
her vigilance was,
...I've been searching for the
answer to that ever since...
[gasp]
[explosion]
I didn't think that anyone else
besides us could enter this
place.
I am Kinshiki Otsutsuki.
On guard!
[attack cry]
[metal clangs]
[grunt]
[grunting]
[metal clangs]
[attack cry]
[grunt]
A stone statue? So
he switched places!?
[low chuckle]
How careless, Kinshiki.
Oh? The Rinnegan?
Tell me, just what is it that
you're searching for here?
And where is Kaguya Otsutsuki?
You mean you don't know?
Kaguya's not here anymore.
Huh?
[low growl]
You're going to tell us
everything you know about
all of this.
[attack cry]
If this drags on
I'll be at a disadvantage.
You won't get away!
[groan]
Otsutsuki?
Yeah. That's what he
called himself.
There's no doubt that he
belongs to the exact same
Otsutsuki Clan as Kaguya.
This is a real crisis!
Is this gonna be the
start of another war?
(Naruto)
We don't know
that yet.
But we do have to
make sure that
we're very careful.
[sigh]
We can't allow a war
like that to happen
ever again.
Hm? Oh, my jacket.
Why do you have that?
I found it on
the way here.
Hm?
It was on the ground
by your house.
[gasp]
Oh, I see.
And I also met
your kid.
He seems just like you
back when you were young.
No, you're wrong.
He's nothing like I was.
He's a lot more... like
you when you were young.
No. Actually, I take that
back. He's different than
you were then, too.
All the clothes that he wears
are always crisp and clean,
like they're still brand
new or something.
I guess... you and I
are just behind the
times, huh?
No way. You're wrong,
you know that?
Huh?
The soul of a
shinobi never changes.
Even if the times do.
[chuckle] I doubt that.
Trust me, I think the
winner of this contest
is me.
You're one to talk,
loser.
Huh?
[gasp]
Sasuke...?
Were you in there
talking to my dad?
We're done.
Oh, okay.
You said you wanted to beat up
your dad, right?
Yeah.
and if you try to interfere with
that... I'm not gonna hold back!
[grunts]
Hey! What the hell?
At your strength, you really
think you're ready to take him
on?
(Thinking)
I never saw him coming.
[low growl]
Listen, here's some
advice for you.
The way you are right now,
you're never even gonna get
close to him.
Just go home before
you get hurt, okay?
Forget that! Let's
do this!
[clone grunts]
He's so strong!
Are you satisfied?
There. Now you know
just how strong you are.
Amazing!
Huh?
I guess the rumors
were true after all!
You used to be
Dad's rival, didn't you?
So, uh, could you...
please make me your student!
Student?
Please, I... I just have to
bring down my dad no matter
what it takes.
But, why? Why go so far to rebel
against your father?
Because, he only sent a Shadow
Clone to my little sister's
birthday party!
He broke a sacred promise
between us! I won't
forgive him!
Being Hokage's a difficult job.
Some things are beyond
his control.
I'm so tired of
hearing that!
And besides, since I became
a genin, he keeps treating
me like a kid...
He hardly even notices me...
(Sasuke)
I get it now... looks
brand new.
Hm?
Are you even able to
perform the Rasengan?
Huh? The Rasengan?
Rasengan's the one where you do
a Change in Chakra Form or
whatever, isn't it...?
(Sasuke)
You want to get back
at Naruto, right?
Huh?
Look, at this stage if you
can't even pull that off,
then...
Without that, you can't
be a student of mine.
Hey!
So if I learn to do it, then
you'll make me your student?
Is that right?
That'll be a piece of cake, ya
know! I'll go and master it
right away!
[chuckle]
Konohamaru Sensei!
Huh? What's all this about?
Please, you just gotta teach me
how to do the Rasengan!
Right now! I have to master it!
There's no time to waste!
I see...!
It's for the Chunin Exams, huh?
To shock the Seventh Hokage!
Is that correct?
All right! At last you're
talking like a real shinobi!
Uh, yeah... sure.
Imagine me being the instructor
who gets to pass on this jutsu
to the Hokage's son!
Oh, Lord Fourth, Lord Seventh!
I will not fail to fulfill this
very important duty, eh-heh!
[groan]
Where did your enthusiasm go?!
Come on, just try again.
Watch me, then do
it, like this!
I know, I know! But "like this"
isn't working "like that" at
all!
Hey, don't mock me by
repeating my words!
No, I'm not! it's just "this"
isn't acting "like this!"
"This" means this thing in
this hand here...
Quit saying
"this, this, this!"
Oh yeah? Look
who's talking!
[angry growls]
Why does it have
to be a water balloon?
Isn't there a better way
for us to do this?!
[splash]
Listen, it took Lord Fourth
three entire years to invent
this jutsu...
...and another six
months to perfect it.
Of course it's difficult
to master! I mean, it's
A-rank!
Now, go on. Just
try it again, okay?
Here.
(Boruto)
[grunting]
[snoring]
Hey, Boruto, get
serious, would ya?
Huh? Oh, was I
sleeping?
Yeah, and I heard that you were
even dozing off during your
mission today, as well.
Listen, when you're
as good as I am,
it's easy to complete your
missions even when you're
half-asleep!
Thank goodness it was just an
easy babysitting mission.
[groan]
Are you up to something?
Are you staying up late?
No! Uh, not really.
[nervous laugh]
[sigh] He's so enthusiastic.
And it's all because of my dad.
[doorbell]
(Sarada)
Coming!
[gasp]
Hey, what's the matter?
Sa... Sa...
So I'm home.
I can't believe
Sasuke is...!
You know, you really don't have
to fall to pieces like this
just because Dad's home
out of the blue.
So how long do you get to
stay here this time?
Until you finish taking
the Chunin Exams.
[gasp]
I met Naruto's son
earlier tonight.
Oh, Boruto?
He said that he wants
to become my student.
Well, you need to have a
three-man team to be allowed
into the Exams,
so I guess it's better
if he's at his best...
[straining grunt]
[pop]
I did it!
No, you didn't! You just used
Lightning Style to break it!
Watch the flow of chakra. Sense
the vortex you can't see and
perceive it, got it?!
Come on, I'm sick and
tired of hearing that!
I mean, how can you see
what can't be seen?
Well, I'm sick and tired of
hearing you say that.
[groan]
I'm in trouble!
I know, I know, I'm
late! Sorry, mom!
Oh good, I'm glad
that you're home.
Okay, Himawari, I'm
heading out now.
Mhm!
You're in charge, Boruto.
Sure! Don't you worry!
Just go relax and
enjoy yourself!
I'll try to get home early.
I made you guys dinner. Please
eat it together.
Don't worry. Have fun!
Guess I'll go then!
-Bye!
Thank you for the food!
Wow! You really mean it? You
can bake a cake, Big Brother?
Yeah! It's a good idea, right?
Since we didn't have
any last time.
You sure it's gonna be okay?
Yeah, of course!
Just trust your big bro!
I know that I said "cake," but
it's gonna be pancakes.
Oops. Oh boy...
Almost got it!
Yep!
[grunt]
Whoa! Big Brother, that's
too hard.
Oh, so should I do it
more like this, then?
Mhm! Like Mommy does.
The way Mom does
it, huh?
[small grunt]
You're good at this!
Hold on...
Hm? What's the matter?
[small sigh]
That's it! This is
what he meant!
Big Brother?
[water sloshing]
I did it!
Yes! Well done.
Finally! I can--!
Okay, now it's on
to the next step.
What?! A rubber ball
this time?
♪♪
[gasp]
No way!
All right!
♪♪
That thing is awfully small.
I'd be hard-pressed to even
call it a Rasengan.
[grunt]
But the basics
are--
Damn it!
[gasp]
Do you always have to
be so strict, Dad?
You don't know Boruto that well,
so I'll just tell you...
He isn't usually like
this at all.
It's a miracle he even
got this far.
He's too hasty. And
he assumed wrong.
I was going to accept
him as my student.
[happy giggle]
Oh man. Where'd he
run off to!?
Ah, I see! That is
a difficult situation.
But you're lucky you ran into
me, 'cause I have just the
thing...
It's cool, smart,
and easy to use.
You'll get exceptionally good
results, trust me.
[menacing chuckle]
With this ninja tool, you'll be
what every shinobi of your
generation wants to be!
Don't you agree?
[gasp]
If you have this, Fire Style,
Wind Style, and even the
Rasengan are at your fingertips.
Now, Let's choose the ultimate
technique that's perfect for
you, young lord!
I'm doing just fine.
Mhm!
Yes I see. That's
very good to hear.
However, it's important during
the Chunin Exams
that you not reveal your true
strength to them.
Because if you do, you will
not be able to stay there,
understand?
Hm. Yes I know.
Rasengan!
Well, so?
Hm.
And you managed all that from
just one day of training, huh?
I'm not like my dad! I've got
serious skills, you know!
It seems you are quite different
from Naruto.
I'd hoped that
wasn't the case.
Hm?
Hey! So what do you say? About
making me your student?!
Um...
Fine. You can be
my student.
Yeah! All right!
♪♪
(Sasuke)
Your subordinate'll
be under my care.
We'll need to submit a
notification...
(Konohamaru) I've never seen
Boruto as determined and
focused as he's been lately.
. I leave him in your hands.
(Boruto)
Damn it! I can't bend
the Shuriken at all!
I can't be wasting my
time with this kind
of training!
Maybe I should try
this thing out...
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "The Scientific
Ninja Tool!"
This Scientific Ninja
Tool's really handy!
♪♪